ESSNTL-4983: Document how to HBI code locally while working the Minik… (#1405)
RedHatInsights/insights-host-inventory: docs/debug_local_code.md

# Debugging Local Code with Services Deployed into Kubernetes Namespaces

> Instructions in this page requires host-inventory and xjoin-search are running in Ephemeral cluster or Minikube.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The instructions in this page require host-inventory and xjoin-search to be running in an Ephemeral cluster or Minikube.
```
